Integrate outstanding branches (#56)
WindhoverLabs/airliner: apps/amc/README.rst

Actuator Motor Control
====================================

The :term:`AMC` Application does some cool stuff.

> PWM state on is :amc:`PWM_LIMIT_STATE_ON` blah blah blah... things and stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PWM state on is :amc:`PWM_LIMIT_STATE_ON` TODO.
```
